[Elixir] New concept exercise: `nil` (#1543)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/nil/docs/after.md

[Nil][nil-dictionary] is an English word meaning "nothing" or "zero". In Elixir, `nil` is a special value that means an _absence_ of a value.

```elixir
# I do not have a favorite color
favorite_color = nil
```

> `nil` is an atom, but it is usually written as `nil`, not `:nil`.

Author: I guess if we don't do it here, it won't happen at all, so I'll mention it.

```elixir
nil === :nil
# => true
```

You can check if a variable's value is `nil` using [`==`][kernel-equal], with pattern matching, or using the [`is_nil` guard][kernel-is-nil].

```elixir
def call(phone_number) do
  if phone_number == nil do
    :error
  end
end
```

```elixir
def call(phone_number) when is_nil(phone_number) do
  :error
end
```

```elixir
def call(nil) do
  :error
end
```

## `if`

Besides `cond`, Elixir also provides the macros [`if/2` and `unless/2`][getting-started-if-unless] which are useful when you need to check for only one condition.

[`if/2`][kernel-if] accepts a condition and two options. It returns the first option if the condition is _truthy_, and the second option if the condition is _falsy_. [`unless/2`][kernel-unless] does the opposite.

```elixir
age = 15

if age >= 16 do
  "You are allowed to drink beer in Germany."
else
  "No beer for you!"
end

# => "No beer for you!"
```

If the second option is not given, `nil` will be returned.

```elixir
age = 15

if age >= 16 do
  "You are allowed to drink beer in Germany."
end

# => nil
```

> It is also possible to write an `if` expression on a single line. Note the comma after the condition.

Reviewer: Would it be useful to qualify the usage of a one-line `if` expression? E.g. "It is also possible to write an `if` expression on a single line _when_ used for short expressions."

I often find students on the v2 track try to use one-line syntax for everything and force multi-line functions into single line syntax.

```elixir
if age >= 16, do: "beer", else: "no beer"
```

`unless` with an `else` option should be avoided.

```elixir
# preferred
if age >= 16, do: "beer", else: "no beer"

# not preferred
unless age < 16, do: "no beer", else: "beer"
```

## _Truthy_ and _falsy_

> A _truthy_ value is a value that is considered true when encountered in a boolean context, for example as a condition in an `if` expression. A _falsy_ value is the opposite.
> 
> In Elixir, there are only two _falsy_ values, `false` and `nil`.

Reviewer: It could be clearer to be more direct?  Does this make sense?

```suggestion
In Elixir, all datatypes evaluate to a _truthy_ or _falsy_ value when they are encountered in a boolean context (like an `if` expression).  All data is considered _truthy_ **except** for _false_ and _nil_.
```

You could also introduce truthy boolean operators `&&/2`, `||/2`, `!/1` which have not been previously introduced

Author: That does sound much better, thanks! I'll mention `&&` too.
